Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
It's really not fair.
Look. the guy's training
for the Olympics. all right.
He shouldn't be allowed to throw around
his diving skills at parties.
At least he could keep
his shirt on. geez.
He should never have a shirt on.
He has no idea who I am.
How sad is that?
Yeah. how sad is that?
I don't understand what
no. I don't understand
what you're asking me.
You just gotta hold it.
I'm holding it.
You have to hold it.
Oh man. you drained the keg.
Uh yeah. gotta move faster out here.
Holy shit. the cops.
The future is so hard to predict.
If I had a time machine.
would it even make a
difference to try to go back
and explain to my young
self what was ahead?
Okay well. show me the other one.
This one?
Yes. definitely more affordable.
Larger. but it's not
as like. all-inclusive.
Right. right.
So there'd be a lot more-
Okay. whiskey sours up everybody.
Thank you.
Welcome.
Bud Light Seltzer for the gentleman.
Thank you for not
making me have to say it.
Oh my God.
Sorry.
So I just wanna say. Sam. Emma.
we are so excited for you.
Thank you for helping our daughter
find a second chance at life.
Welcome to our family. son.
Thank you.
The downstairs toilet is clogged.
I had to put my arm all the way in.
Hey Michael. wow.
What. you're welcome.
Thank you.
Sure.
Well. I also have some words
to share.
I am so proud of the life
that you've made. Emma.
And I know it hasn't been easy.
and there are a lot of people
who would've let that
stop them. but not you.
And look. I know you and I.
we drive each other nuts sometimes.
No. what are you talking
about. drive each other nuts?
Ladies.
What I'm trying to say
is that even though
you're my little sister.
I hope to have as big a
heart as you do one day.
Well said. honey.
Well since we're all making speeches
and making each other cry.
I'd like to thank you Marie.
for pushing me to learn an instrument
because I didn't end up learning one.
but I did run into an old
friend. my best friend.
All right. we get it.
You like your fiance.
Nice for you.
You are so lucky. you have me.
Wow. wow.
I guess that leaves me.
I guess you all know that
I've been madly in love
with Emma for a few
years now. give or take.
It was eighth grade.
Oh. wow Colin. thank you.
Thank you. yeah. I didn't
realize we were keeping track.
Well. I remember meeting
her for the first time
and thinking. that's it. that's
the girl.
And then life took us
in separate directions.
And when we ran back into each other.
we had both grown up quite
a bit. you could say.
But some things don't change.
And when I look at you now. Emma.
it's like I'm right back
in the eighth grade again.
And I'm thinking. that's
her. that's the girl.
And I look at you all.
and I think that's it.
That's the family.
To family.
Cheer. cheer. cheers.
I left my glass over there.
Hi.
Let's go home?
Bye everyone!
♪ Look around where you are ♪
♪ See my love shine like the
stars ♪
♪ Take a breath where you
stand ♪
Who's calling you on Saturday
night?
I don't know.
Hello.
Sweetheart it's
me. Jesse. I'm alive.
Can you hear me. Emma?
I'm coming home.
Emma. honey. what is it?
What's going on?
Yeah. gotta move fast around here.
Holy shit. the cops.
Emma. come on.
My ride's gone and
your ride.
Sam.
So Sam. he's your boyfriend.
He's my best friend.
Ah. so he wants to be your boyfriend.
but you're not into it. right?
No. no. it's not like that.
Sure.
I mean. maybe it's a little
like that.
A little like that?
Shut up.
I can't believe I failed my breathalyser.
My parents are gonna kill me.
That sucks.
Do you ever feel like
everyone's always telling you
who you are?
All the time.
My parents own the bookstore
in town. Blair Books.
Yeah. I put that one together.
Emma Blair.
They think that me and my sister
are going to take it over
and they don't listen when I say
that I never wanna do that.
Marie wants that and that is
fine for her.
She's always been the perfect
little bookseller's daughter.
Right.
But not me. I'm getting
out of here.
Where are you gonna go?
I'm gonna go see the world.
I like that.
You're not what I imagined
you'd be. you know?
You imagined me?
Well. my ex. she thought
you had a crush on me.
She said she caught you
looking at me sometimes.
No. that's not.
That's- that's- that's
completely un-
I don't know maybe for like a
day. freshman year.
There it is.
No. but I obviously don't
have a thing for you now.
Why don't you have a thing for
me now?
I think I do actually. as of
about an hour and a half ago.
But if you aren't interested-
I'm interested.
You ready?
Yeah.
Let's go.
♪ Tell me what it takes
to get you feeling alive ♪
♪ Tell me how to show you
it's a beautiful life ♪
♪ I'll do anything to
pull you into the light ♪
♪ 'Cause everything will change
when you open your eyes ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Don't you let the sunlight
go by without you ♪
♪ Don't you realize how lucky we
are ♪
♪ Open up your heart. baby.
let it all go tonight ♪
♪ Live your life like it was
running out ♪
♪ Be alive we
gotta scream it out ♪
♪ Breathe it in and feel the
rush again ♪
♪ You're not lost. no
matter where you've been ♪
♪ You've been trying hard
just to make it alone ♪
♪ But I can help you baby let
e carry the load ♪
♪ I'd do anything to make
you see what it's like ♪
♪ 'Cause everything is different
when you open your eyes ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ So don't you let the
sunlight go out without you ♪
♪ Don't you realize how lucky we
are ♪
♪ Open up your heart. baby
let it all go tonight ♪
♪ Live your life like it was
running out ♪
♪ Be alive we
gotta scream it out ♪
♪ Breathe it in and feel the
rush again ♪
♪ You're not lost. no
matter where you've been ♪
Do we even know where we're
gonna be there.
Well. I know we cancelled Thanksgiving
with my parents last year
because of your shoot in Peru.
Marie's being a real Marie about it.
Yeah. Acton for
Thanksgiving's a good idea.
Yeah. we should probably
tell them the news in person.
What news?
Past six years been
the greatest adventure
I could have ever dreamt of.
I wanna spend the rest of my
life with you.
Emma Blair. wanna get married?
No.
No?
I'm sorry. no.
I'm so heartbroken.
Yes. yes. yes. yes.
Really?
Really. you're late to your own
wedding?
Get your asses to the altar.
I have the perfect Jane
Austen quote. let's go.
Come on.
She's right. we wouldn't
want to ruin her big day.
The bookseller's
daughter strikes again.
Should we get married.
Okay.
♪ It's my lucky day ♪
♪ Don't need a pot of gold a
rabbit's foot. or to be told ♪
Ladies and gentleman. Jesse
and Emma.
♪ My happy day ♪
♪ Slept in 'cause I don't care ♪
♪ Didn't make the bed ♪
♪ Coffee on the couch ♪
♪ What can I do instead ♪
I can't just fly off to Alaska.
My Madrid piece is due tomorrow.
I can't not fly to Alaska.
This is my chance to shoot
a real documentary.
It's also our first anniversary.
You're right. I'm sorry.
We'll celebrate big when I
get back. okay. I promise.
We'll get a cheap flight
somewhere to like. Iceland.
Croatia.
Bali?
Maybe just dinner on
the beach down the street.
Okay. dinner on the
beach down the street.
It's a date.
Okay.
Love you past forever.
Love you longer than that.
Do you know how long that is?
Really long time.
So long.
Your husband
was on a helicopter
that went down yesterday in the Pacific.
We found the remains of both pilots.
but we've not yet found your husband.
And we do not believe
he would've been able
to survive the crash.
I'm so sorry.
We're still searching.
let you know right away.
Emma. it's your third day out here.
I'm gonna stay out
here. as long as it takes.
As long as what takes?
He's lost and he's coming
back. and I'm gonna be here.
You- you can't.
I mean. that that won't work.
I'm not giving up on him.
Emma. give me the binoculars.
No. Jesse's coming back.
He was a long distance swimmer.
He was the best in state. he can
do this.
He's not coming back.
You don't know that.
Yeah Em. I do. it's been a week.
They've given up the search.
You just can't stand that
I'm no longer in your shadow.
Well. I know my husband and
I know how incredible he is.
And I'm not gonna let you
say he's anything less
because you like it
better when I feel small.
Emma.
No.
Don't console me.
I'm so sorry. Emma.
He's dead. I'm so sorry.
No. he is not.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
No. he's not dead.
I'm so sorry.
I don't know-
I don't know how I can live
without him.
I know.
I know. but you will.
How?
You're gonna come home to Acton
and you're gonna move in
with me and I'm gonna make
your breakfast and your
lunches and your dinners
and we're just gonna build you a
new life.
But not right now.
Now you get to just be broken
and I'll hold you together.
I'll hold you together.
Hey. walking down memory lane?
Sorry. did I wake you?
No. not at all.
How are you feeling?
I can't sleep.
I don't know.
How about I run you a hot
shower?
Give the old Sam Lee special.
What's the Sam Lee special?
Well. it's me turning on the shower.
Oh. hey honey.
Emma.
I don't like that you're
understocking the classics.
Obviously dad. but not now.
I am not understocking the classics.
You are overstocking the classics.
Colin. focus.
Sorry.
We'll give you some space.
So how are you. really?
I don't know how I'm feeling.
I mean. you're probably
feeling confused.
I mean. yeah.
I wasn't finished. you and Jesse.
you had this beautiful life together
and then he got on a
helicopter and it crashed.
And we all thought he was dead.
And you. you picked yourself up
like this incredible person that
you are.
And you found love again with a
great guy.
Right-
I'm still not finished.
And now what is probably the
happiest day of your life
is also the most complicated
and probably saddest day.
Because no matter what
you do or how you feel.
you're gonna break somebody's
heart.
You've gained something
and you'll lose something.
So it's okay to feel
happy and heartbroken.
Oh. you can talk. I'm done.
Oh. that was incredibly
verbose. but accurate.
Thank you.
Why did I spend my childhood
hating you?
Because I hated you.
Well. why did you hate me?
Because you hated me.
Oh my God. Emma. you
can't wear that to reunite
with your long lost husband.
Oh my God. amazing.
The color. the color.
Well. I think this works.
I'm just not so sure about this.
I'm engaged and I'm also married.
I'm not sure what the protocol is.
What does your gut tell you?
To throw up. mostly.
Oh yeah. you could wear that one.
Yeah. or you could wear both.
I just won't wear either.
Okay. here we go.
Oh. okay.
Go get him.
Hey Joe. Francine.
Emma.
Wow. you look different.
Your boy's coming home. Frannie.
Oh. we decided not to tell Jesse
that you've already moved on.
He's been through enough. don't
you think?
♪ Take a moment to join the dead
Emma.
♪ Wait. but never miss your
chance ♪
♪ No more roles. your
destiny is facing you ♪
Hi. hi.
You wanna get out of here?
♪ Nothing in the way where
the truth is falling ♪
Are you okay?
It's okay. it's okay.
We're coming
to you live
from the home of Jesse Lerner.
God. can you imagine
your fiance has a husband.
an alive husband.
He was alive.
You know she's gonna
go back to him. right?
He came back from the dead.
I mean. it doesn't get any
more romantic than that.
Sam's toast.
Totally.
Morning.
Hey buddy.
Janice.
Hi. we were just talking about you.
Behind your back.
Actually. that's my lunch.
Guess now we're even.
I swore if I ever made it back
to you.
I'd just tell you how sorry I
was for leaving.
I'm going to spend the rest of
our lives
making it up to you.
I'm engaged.
What.
I'm engaged to be married.
You are married?
No. to someone else.
What?
What. what is so funny?
It's not. no. it's
just horrible.
Yeah. it's terrible.
You know. I think that's the
worst thing
I've ever been told.
Jesse. I didn't know that you
were-
You thought I was dead. You
didn't know.
There you are. you can't
just disappear like that.
Come on. everybody's waiting
for you.
Come on.
It's too much.
It's okay. just breathe.
Hey. hey. hey. hey. I'm here.
It's been a long time since
I've seen so many people.
I should get going.
Yeah. I'll stay here tonight
'cause they really need me.
But then I need to be with you.
Can we go somewhere tomorrow?
Of course.
Let's go to Maine.
let's go to the cabin.
Sure.
First thing.
Yeah. first thing.
Hey. you're home.
You're still making me a
grilled cheese
with dairy-free cheddar?
Yeah well. I figured just in
case you came back. you know.
my little lactose intolerant.
So how is he? still very.
very. very. very handsome.
He seems good.
I'm a little overwhelmed. but good.
Good mostly.
Good.
Good that he seems good.
I saw you kissing him on the news.
I'm not upset about it.
I just... not telling
you felt wrong somehow.
So I just wanted you to know.
I'm really sorry. Sam.
This has all been so-
Confusing. it's confusing.
Hey. it's gonna be all right.
It's gonna be okay.
Okay.
I love you so much. Sam.
I love you.
I need you.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Where's your ring?
You are gonna have to choose.
you know.
I mean. he's your husband.
I think we should call off the wedding.
What?
I mean. can you honestly say
that no matter what
happens from this moment on
that you're ready to spend
the rest of your life with me?
If we're gonna have a
future. you gotta go.
You gotta go and do
whatever you need to do
in order to know.
I could stay at a hotel
or you could stay at Marie
or your parent's. but-
No. I get it.
I need to be on my own.
♪ Woke up with a cloud
over my window sill ♪
♪ Some days I swear ♪
♪ The weatherman is out for me ♪
♪ I've been locked inside ♪
♪ Thinking about sunlight ♪
♪ Woke up with a thought ♪
All packed up?
Yep.
♪ Maybe it's all ♪
Here. I don't trust myself
not to set it on fire
when you're gone. so-
You are a good man.
I'm all right.
♪ I'm broke down. exposed now ♪
♪ With low clouds ♪
♪ There's nothing to cover me ♪
♪ The highs and the lows get me
you see ♪
♪ I'm just not into it ♪
♪ I'm broke down. exposed now ♪
All right.
♪ With low clouds ♪
♪ There's nothing to cover me ♪
Jesse wants to go to Maine for
a few days.
Oh my.
Would you run the store?
Are you able to?
Yeah. I'd be happy to.
Do you think you can be in love
with two people at the same
time?
Maybe some people can.
I don't even think
that's the point though.
You're a different person with
Sam than you were with Jesse.
And maybe it's not
about who you love more.
Maybe it's about whether
you wanna be the person
you could be with Jesse
or the person that
you're becoming with Sam.
Wow. you're good lately.
I just know you.
You look great.
You do.
Oh. you gotta drive the whole way.
My license expired when they
issued my death certificate.
Okay.
Good times.
Hey. do you mind if
we stop by the store?
I guess I left some stuff
at Marie's last night.
Sure. Your stuff isn't at
your place?
No. I'm not currently at my place.
Okay.
I'm looking forward to seeing everyone.
Your parents still
recommending Walden Pond?
To anyone who walks in
and then going.
"You know. Walden Pond is just
down the road."
Well. my parents are retired now.
Really? Good for them.
So Marie's finally inherited her
birthright?
The bookseller's daughter
has become the book seller.
Actually. I run it.
Oh yeah. you run it.
No. I'm serious. I run the bookstore.
Oh.
I know. I used to
hate it. but I lost you
and I had nothing. so I moved
back home and there it was.
Em.
What?
Come on. let's go.
You are a sight for sore eyes.
We are so happy you're okay. Jesse.
Yeah. I missed you guys too.
Hi.
God. a real life
Odysseus is back to Ithaka.
It's good to see
you're still reading. sis.
Hi Sophie.
You're hungry?
Wait a minute. I want you to
meet someone.
Jesse. this is my daughter Sophie.
Sophie. this is Jesse.
Hey.
Okay. hey.
Welcome back.
Thank you. good to see you.
I guess a lot's happened
since you've been gone.
She is adorable.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Say hi to Mike for me.
You can tell him yourself. hey.
How you been?
Stranded on a desert island. man.
Oh right.
Must have been nice to get away.
For a bit. yeah.
We should hit the road.
Yeah.
We're gonna head to the
cabin. just for a couple days.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Actually. can I drive?
Without a license?
Well. it's a technicality.
Come on. it'd be fun.
Okay.
Thank you.
Morning.
Good morning.
Morning. Mr. Lee.
Liz. you are a trumpet player.
please spit out your gum.
Rest of you. let's jump right in.
So Debussy is considered our
first impressionist composer.
Impressionist. can anybody
tell me what that means. Zoe?
It doesn't have a melody or something.
Right. right.
Debussy was less concerned about
a melody
and more about evoking
a mood and an emotion.
He used notes like a paintbrush.
painting colors that
conveyed an impression.
So what moods are being
conveyed right now?
Go ahead. shout them out.
Sadness.
Loneliness.
Fear you might lose Emma forever.
Really. really. Zoe?
You got that from the song?
No. I got that from how
you were playing the song.
I mean. are we really not
gonna talk
about your husband in-law?
My what?
The guy that's married
to your wife. man.
Your brother- husband. or whatever.
Marcus. he's not my
brother- husband.
Oh you know. my cousin
is in a closed quad
and it really works for them.
So I don't see why a triple
can't work.
Okay. first of all. Dylan.
it's called a throuple and-
Okay. we're not having this conversation.
All right. let's go. instruments up.
Oh. whoa. whoa.
Hey. Clair de Lune. come on.
I'm trying to get palm reading.
No. no. no. no. no.
Okay. the most romantic
place we ever went to.
Ooh.
I know I'm supposed to say Paris.
But it's
Amsterdam.
Yeah.
New Year's Eve.
We fought about that stupid
bike lock until 11:59.
Yeah.
And then the clock turned
and you said.
"Well. I don't care who lost it.
I just wanna spend my whole year
with you."
And then you kissed me
and then felt like nothing
mattered except us.
And you're right.
You did lose that lock. by the way.
No. you lost the lock by the river.
No. no.
I've had a lot of time to think
about this
and I have decided I
remember you losing it.
Okay.
Agree to disagree.
Hey. come on.
Our cabin awaits.
Oh. come on.
Tuba. Come on. tuba. get it together.
I thought I did pretty good.
You are Marcus. yeah.
you are. you're great.
You're.
Great.
We haven't been here since-
Our wedding.
Right. that whole thing.
Do you want a drink?
Please.
Okay. great.
Let's see what we can find here.
So you can build a fire now?
So you get tattoos now.
I guess a lot has changed.
Some things. yeah. sure.
But nothing that really matters.
To us.
Finally.
Smooth.
What does it say?
Oh.
"And so I walked on."
I'll never leave your side again.
All I ever wanted was. one
more day to be with you.
I missed your face. I missed
your face. I missed your-
I missed the feel of you.
Jesse.
Just turns on when you need
it. off when you don't.
Yeah.
Faucets are wild. huh?
What happened out there?
Nah. I just wanna focus on us
right now.
I'll tell you what I do need.
I mean. what I really. really need.
Breakfast.
Oh. you're such a jerk.
You know that?
Yeah.
Mr. Lee. just a couple questions.
Oh shit.
Mr. Lee. is the wedding off?
Is- is Emma here. is she here?
Can we just get a little
privacy please?
"We". does that mean you're
still getting married?
No. I- I-
It's off?
I honestly don't know.
Are you afraid that your
fiance's gonna leave you
and go back to her husband?
Sam. have you talked to Jesse
yet?
Can you give us any
details about the wedding?
Feel a little bad
you had to move back to
New England. it's cold.
You don't have to feel bad.
I'm just glad that neither
of us is stuck anymore
and we can start living
again. go travelling.
Travelling. you don't
wanna settle somewhere safe.
We have home base.
Sure. but now I was thinking
Venice Beach.
anywhere in California would be good.
I mean. was the best time of our lives.
Mexican food was top notch.
And you can work from
anywhere. right?
Travel. writting. riding could
be wherever we want.
Well. I haven't written
a travel piece in years.
Really?
I know you do the store. but I
just assumed
you were still doing
what you wanted it to do.
The store. it is what I wanna do.
You know. I like seeing the regulars.
getting a crack at the new releases.
This coming from the girl
that wouldn't read the "Hunger
Games?"
Well. turns out the "Hunger
Games" is actually pretty great.
Hey. how you doing?
Could we please have two bacon.
egg and cheese biscuits
with home fries. please?
Actually. I don't eat cheese anymore.
It's like a whole thing.
Okay.
One egg and cheese biscuit with
home fries
and my beautiful wife-
Fried egg on toast.
Yes.
Emerson and Alcott and
Thoreau were all from Concord.
I had a lot of time to do
reading while you were gone.
A lot of existential dread. you
might say.
But you know what? Thoreau.
he knows what's up.
And Walden Pond-
Is just down the road.
Yes. yes.
Oh. and when the leaves change
in autumn.
When you died. when I
thought you were dead.
I had nothing and came back here.
My parents and Marie.
they basically nursed me back to life.
They picked out all these
books to distract me.
And that's when I read
"Hunger Games". by the way.
And "Wild" and "Octavia
Butler" and "Joan Didion".
And that's when I realized
that I wasn't alone.
All these people that had. come
before me
they. they felt this pain that I
felt and they found way through
and. I could too.
Then this place. this
place put me back together.
You and I. we had this idea
that our adventures
had to be grand. right?
That we had to go to
Madrid and the Great Wall
and go everywhere extraordinary.
But extraordinary's everywhere.
Running a bookstore and
being with our families
and raising our kids here.
that's a great adventure.
Kids?
I wasn't sure you ever wanted to
have any.
I wasn't sure either.
But I am now.
I could build a family here.
it's home.
Well. I am very thankful to
this place
for keeping such good care of you
while I was gone.
Sorry I'm late.
It's all good.
All right. everybody. Phones away.
Seriously Debbie Sue. let's go.
Put away the God damn phones!
Sorry. that was excessive.
I'm going through a real
stressful time right now.
And wait. Penny. Tom. please
explain why you're in my class.
We all wanna be here for you.
In case you explode. we
wanted to watch it happen.
And if you do explode. then
we wanna be there for you.
Well. thank you.
But I'm fine and you're not in orchestra.
so please get out of my class.
The rest of you. instruments up.
Actually. can somebody please
tell me
what the hell it means when someone
is texting you for 18 hours
and doesn't hit send?
I mean. what the crap are these
dots?
Is she texting me?
Is she not texting me. is it
good news?
Is it not good news?
If I want it to be good news.
does that make me a bad person?
Is it selfish?
Is it selfish to want
my fiance to be my wife?
I mean. apparently it is.
Well. I'm sorry that I
didn't survive a plane crash
and spend four years on
some small island somewhere.
I guess that makes me an asshole somehow.
Of all the people in the world.
why did it have to be him?
Why is it always him?
I met her first. I loved
her first. finders keepers.
Not that she's some soccer
ball in the playground.
Obviously she can
make her own decisions.
as can all of the bright.
capable young women
in this class.
But I do think that finders
keepers applies here.
No. no. I don't.
No. I don't.
That. that's the patriarchy talking
and we must all fight it together.
I just want her to love me
more than she loves him.
Well. that was wildly inappropriate.
I'm gonna stop.
No man. for God's
sakes. just keep talking.
Maybe we should go a bit slower.
Really?
Yeah.
Come on. it's a little fun. right?
This is not good.
We'll be fine. it's okay.
You don't have your license.
It'll be good. it'll be good.
I told you earlier.
I said you don't have your license.
Hello Officer. how can I help
you?
You were speeding.
License and registration.
That was an honest mistake. truly.
And I'm very sorry.
Maybe we could get off with the
warning?
License and registration.
I technically don't have it.
He's been lost at sea.
maybe you've heard about it.
It's been all over the news.
If I could reach back.
I can grab an article to show you.
Here.
This doesn't explain why
you're driving.
let alone speeding.
Oh. he just wanted everything
to feel normal for once.
We both do.
You have a license ma'am?
Me? yes. yes I do.
Okay. Ms. Blair. looks
like you're driving now.
Please try to keep
it under 55. all right?
Welcome home.
Thank you.
You changed your name back.
I thought you were dead.
So you went to the
social security office
and changed your name back?
There's more to it than that.
Okay.
She should be with the
person that she loves the most.
Not necessarily the person
that loves her the most.
because I love the most.
I love her the most.
I know that everyone thinks
that he must love her the most
because he survived the
desert island for her.
But I comforted her while
he was on that island.
You know. I sat with her
while she cried for him.
And I figured out a way to love
someone with my whole heart.
knowing that a part of
her would always love him.
And I did that for her.
Well. you should probably get
outta here.
Oh yeah. like American Lit can
hold a candle to this drama.
It's inappropriate to keep
you from your classes. Dylan.
On the other hand.
there's still a lot to
discuss here.
All right. hit me.
Honestly. you know what the
weirdest part about all this is?
Everyone thinks they're the
hero of their own story.
Everyone. maybe I'm not the hero.
Maybe I'm the bad guy.
Jesse. please.
Jesse. talk to me. please.
I was supposed to come home
to my wife who waited for me.
Jesse. I did wait.
You got engaged to someone else.
Because I thought you were dead.
So you replaced me.
No. I didn't replace you. I
loved you.
I still love you.
This fiance. you love him too?
Do you love him or not!?
Yes. yes I love him.
Do you love him more than me?
Is he better than me?
Jesse. no. it's not like that.
Sam and I-
So he's got a name.
His name's Sam.
Sam Lee.
I bet this was a dream come true
for him.
That is not fair.
You have no idea what I went through.
You went through.
I was on a dead rock
for four years. alone.
Starving and just trying not to die.
That whole time you know
what I thought about? This.
You. I just thought about us.
Right now was supposed
to be the good time.
I was supposed to come home
to a life I was missing.
My part was to get back to
you and your part was to wait.
I did my part Emma. what did you
do?
I had to live my life.
I had to learn how to live
without you.
You managed to do that.
Jesse.
You know. they say if you love someone.
you should set them free.
I'm starting to realize
that if you love someone.
you don't let anything stand in
your way.
You shout it from the mountaintops.
You race through traffic.
You survived being
marooned on a desert island
and swim for miles just
to get back to them.
Son of a bitch. I'm screwed.
Dear Jesse.
You've been gone more
than three years now.
but there hasn't been a day
when I haven't thought of you.
At first. I refused to
admit you were gone.
I couldn't sleep. I couldn't
eat.
Even after the search was called off
and they said you were dead.
it was so hard to let go.
Hey. you've
tried to call Jesse Lerner.
I obviously have better things
to do.
so leave a message and I'll call
you back.
I felt pain
that I didn't think was humanly possible.
At times. it nearly broke me.
Hey. came across this at the store.
It's by Joan Didion about
the death of her husband.
I hate being given books.
I know. just a shot in the dark.
Just in case you wanted to read
how someone else got through it.
I mean. at least give me a
happy book.
I don't wanna read about people dying.
Okay. I can work with that.
How about "Pride and Prejudice"?
Or falling in love.
Okay. wow.
So no death or love.
I'll make a list.
There's gotta be like
three books in existence
that don't deal with either.
I used to
think grief was chronic.
Just a never ending cycle of bad days
with the occasional good day.
No D or L. this one's
conquered.
♪ Makes you tethered. tethered ♪
♪ Trust when you fall
and every risk you take ♪
♪ Knowing redemption's always on
its way ♪
♪ Let all the courage start to
wake ♪
♪ Unafraid. unafraid ♪
You were right. I loved
it. what else you got?
That can had love or
death in them. tons.
But then I started to think
that maybe the good days
could be good weeks or good months.
♪ Look for better measure.
measure ♪
Oh. just say it.
My baby's finally a bookworm.
Doesn't mean that I
wanna let go of the memories
of you or the love I have for you.
but it does mean that I'm
ready to let go of the sadness.
I will carry you with me always.
but I cannot define myself
by the loss anymore.
And that's four.
But you already know that
'cause you're super good at it.
So let me just play it you just
for fun.
Emma?
Sam?
Here.
Hi.
Here. let me help you with that.
Oh my God. It still works.
Sorry.
You're good.
Yeah. you don't have to buy it.
Oh my God. Hi.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm good.
Have you been...?
Can't believe-
I mean-
Yeah. you look. yeah wow.
Emma Blair.
Wow. can't believe it.
Keep reading.
I'm going out into the world
with an open heart now.
and I'm going to go where life
takes me.
So you wanna learn an
instrument?
Yeah. we can't all play
every single one of them yet.
Hey. I will have you know.
I'm actually pretty bad at the harp.
Oh okay.
No. that's a lie. I'm
pretty good. I'm always-
Well. I thought I'd start
with something easy like piano.
Oh. well. if you want my advice.
Yes. your advice is the
exact advice I would like.
You should definitely go for
this one.
It's 88 keys.
It's weighted. it's perfect to
learn on.
Great. I'll take it.
Great.
You're a good salesman.
Do you ring me up here or up
there. or?
Oh. no. no. no. I don't work here.
Oh my God.
Yeah. I came for a pedal
and I've just been looking for
an excuse
to keep talking to you. so.
Jesse's dead.
Yeah. yeah.
I heard. I'm so sorry.
I should have called.
Oh. no. no. it's okay.
When I started dating him.
I guess I stopped being a good
friend to you. so it's okay.
It's on me.
So what do you do then
when you're not pretending?
I teach Orchestra at AB.
Wow. that's crazy.
Yeah. I know. I know.
I'm back at Acton running the store.
Blair Books.
Yeah.
You used to hate it there.
People change. I guess.
Yeah. thank God for that.
Yeah. I agree. thank God.
Well. I'll have to drop by sometime.
Say hi.
I'd like that. that would be nice.
I'm happy to say I've reached a place
where your memory brings me joy.
I have found meaning in life
that I never would've guessed.
Wow.
See. the funny thing about this
is that you do actually work here.
Well. I'm so glad you stopped by
because I've actually become
quite good at the piano.
Really?
Yes. you'd be very impressed.
I know "Chopsticks" and "Heart
and Soul".
It's like the core of
western music right there.
Very good. Well. show me what
you got.
Well. I don't have a piano.
Sure you do. Anything
you can play on the piano
you can play on the counter.
It's an old music
teacher's trick.
Here. gimme a song.
Beethoven.
Okay. that's less of a
song and more of a person.
But I think we can work with that.
Ready?
Yeah.
Oh. I know this one.
You wanna take this one?
There you go.
What is your sister doing?
That's more.
Living.
Oh. so that's what that looks like.
There. it's good.
So I should probably buy a book
so it doesn't seem like I came
in here
just to talk to you.
This one.
On the house.
Yeah?
Yeah. or you can just. you can
owe me.
Or how about I take
you to lunch sometime?
Lunch?
Yeah. yeah.
I was thinking sometime
between breakfast and dinner.
Lunch sounds nice.
Great.
Okay.
Tell me everything.
I think if I work hard.
I can have the sort of life
that you would've wanted for me.
I can't go on a date. right?
Like. that's crazy.
I can call him next year
maybe if he's still single.
Well. shutting yourself
off from the world
doesn't prove how much
you loved your husband.
You have your whole life ahead
of you. You should live it.
I believe I can have a happy future
where I love and am loved in return.
So we've been dating six months now.
Yeah.
One of the months was
February. so it's light six.
Come on.
Well. long or short.
I think I'm in love with you.
but I don't think I'm ready to
say it.
Or hear myself say it.
Well.
Don't tell anyone I told you.
but I think I'm in love with you too.
I always have been.
I don't know. it all kind
of sounds the same to me.
I'm not gonna lie. but
I know that you love it.
So I appreciate it.
Thank you.
Hey. you wanna go this way?
Let's go for a walk.
I'm sorry. we're gonna go down
some steps.
What?
Yep.
And you're gonna keep your eyes closed
because you trust me. right?
I do. I trust you.
Okay. one foot. here we go.
That's perfect. you're doing great.
I'm sorry. are we going
onto the green line?
We are not going onto the
green line.
It kind of feels like you're
taking me onto the green line.
It's not true.
Oh. Jesus.
The lighting here is much
better. I promise you.
Okay. so here's the thing.
Yep.
All right.
Where am I going?
You're here. I got you.
So here's the thing.
I bought something a few weeks ago.
and I haven't been able to
decide when to give it to you.
I was doing some thinking and I realized
that it should probably
be you that decides.
Okay.
Oh my gosh.
Your students.
We have been working on
this for a few months now.
I'd call it your song. on
account of it being yours.
but Elton John kind of
beat me to the punch.
So it's currently untitled.
Guys. actually. can we cut the
music?
Sorry. the sound is
really traveling in here.
Sorry Mr. Lee.
No. it's fine.
Hey.
Hi.
Emma. I was put on this earth
to be yours. and I am so.
so lucky to be able to call you mine.
I believe in us. I believe
we're good for each other.
And I believe that I'm a
better man because of you.
Here it is.
And I don't want you to do anything
except hold on to it
and just keep it safe.
And when you're ready. if you're
ever ready. I'll be ready.
I love it.
And I love you.
Thank you.
I love you so much.
So I'm going to say yes to Sam Lee.
I think that you would like him
for me.
He's kind. he makes me laugh.
And he makes room for you.
He accepts the full me.
and he knows the full me
includes you.
Sam.
What are you doing?
I'm proposing to you.
I'm in my underwear.
I don't care.
Sam Lee. you are my second chance.
You are the arms that helped
me pull myself back up.
You're the life that I never saw coming.
You are my reminder that life
can be unexpectedly beautiful.
and I promise I will spend
the rest of our lives
trying to be that reminder for you.
Will you marry me?
Yes.
Yes. will you marry me?
Yes. yes. yes.
I wanna be happy and I want
more love in my life. Jesse.
So I'm asking for your
blessing to embrace it.
Your love. Emma.
You know what I thought
on our wedding day.
What.
I was putting on my tux.
I was a little nervous.
I just thought. at least
I picked the right person.
I always thought. no
matter how hard it got.
at least we picked the right person.
You gotta keep being the right person.
You have to change together
so that you can stay the right person.
I wanna be with you.
So if staying in Acton for a bit
is important
then I will do it.
A bit?
As long as you need.
Jesse. I wanna stay here always.
I want to continue our life here.
Because of the store?
No. Jesse. it's not just
because of the store...
How about this?
We go on a big famous
bookstore tour of Europe
and we can see all the
world's greatest libraies.
Jesse. I wanna stay here.
I wanna be with my family.
You're asking me now that I am free.
now that I can go anywhere
to chain myself to a
life that I can't live.
My world is here. Jesse.
I have people I love.
I feel like I belong. like
I'm a part of something.
And I have found a peace with
myself here
that I never expected. This life
that my parents pushed on me. I
left it.
And then I lived my own life.
And then life brought me back to them.
And now.
I've chosen all of this.
I've chosen it for myself.
This is who I am now.
You're different.
Not in a bad way.
You just changed.
See. the Emma I knew.
she wanted to be as far
away as humanly possible
from Blair Books.
And she was never gonna sit still
until she had seen the entire world.
She loved me and only me.
That's not you anymore.
No. it's not.
I promise we can
live any life you want.
Just not Acton.
You're asking me to be
someone that I'm not anymore.
You're asking me to be someone
I always told you I wouldn't be.
We didn't stay the right person.
I could try and be the
right person for you.
You can try and make yourself
the right person for me. but...
That's not real love.
We should head back.
You wanna stay here
just a little bit longer?
Okay.
You know. there was a game
I used to play out there
and I'd just asked myself.
what's Emma doing right now?
And I'd say something like.
I bet she's eating tapas in Barcelona
or she's on the beach
in Malibu. In Berlin.
I was always wrong.
You were here and I never
guessed here.
I'm starting to see it.
This is you.
I never stopped loving you.
Do you believe me?
I'm really try to.
One day you might.
I hope so.
Come on. let's go.
♪ Now our wild song are oldies ♪
♪ Passion has begun to slip away
♪ The past spirals behind us ♪
♪ The future is a mystery ♪
♪ The sky is our blanket ♪
♪ And we are the stars that used
to be ♪
After all that we
weren't meant to be. huh?
I don't think things
have to last to be real.
We can be meant to have been.
Meant to have been.
Yeah.
Thank you.
For what?
The thought of seeing you again.
You saved my life.
I know that for her.
it's sometimes been him
and sometimes been me.
For me. it's always been her.
All right. that's the end of the day.
I'm out of things to
say. It is what it is.
It's outta my hands now.
It's Emma's choice to make.
Mr. Lee.
Isn't that exactly what
you did in high school?
What are you talking about?
She's right.
You never just told Emma how you felt.
You hinted at it. but you never
said it.
Yeah. this Jesse guy.
he never makes it unclear.
He wants her and he
always let her know that.
He puts it all out on the line.
Yeah. if you're gonna go
down. Sam. go down swinging.
Go tell this woman how
heartbroken you'll be
without her.
Yeah.
Remind her of the life you
two could have had together.
I can't lose her.
Then do something about it.
Yeah.
I gotta go. I gotta go.
Thank you.
Sam!
Sam?
Damn it.
Pick up your phone. man.
Oh. hey Marie. I. uh- Hello.
I'm looking for Emma.
Hey. hey.
She's not here.
Any idea where she went?
Um. She. um...
Just tell me.
I don't wanna tell you.
Marie.
She... You know. um. she...
She's with Jesse. right?
Look. I know. okay.
I know.
And it's fine.
Just. just tell me where they went.
I can take it.
They went to the cabin in Maine.
Shit. Mother. Shit.
As friends?
As friends. right. right?
It's a simple question.
As friends?
Did they go as friends? Were
they friends?
Were they friendly? Were
they platonically friends?
I don't know how to answer that.
Sam.
You're back.
Is Sam here?
Yeah. he was just here.
He was looking for you.
He was looking for me.
Well. how did he seem.
hopeful. angry. devastated?
At first he was hopeful.
Oh. that's great.
And then I told him you went
to Maine
with Jesse and he got sort of devastated.
Oh my God. Marie. I've ruined it.
No.
I've completely ruined
it by loving them both.
Also. though. um...
I've lost them both.
Don't you think maybe you
should be
like a little more mad at me?
No. I'm not mad at you
because you were there for
me through all of this.
No. I'm not mad.
You're not even a little mad
for that day on the dock when
I convinced you your husband
was dead and it turned out I was
wrong?
No. Marie. I was insane
that day on the dock.
If I had spent the last four years
believing that he was alive.
I would've lost my mind.
No. I did the best I
could with the information
that I had and that led me to Sam.
I can't lose him Marie.
So don't. go tell him
what you just told me.
You're right.
This isn't over yet.
Let's go.
Come on. come on.
Pick up. pick up.
Hello.
Sam. can you hear me?
Emma. yeah. I can hear you.
Can you hear me?
Sam. I need you back.
Hello?
Jesse was gone and I was broken.
Emma. you're breaking up.
Hello?
But then I put myself back together
and the person that I became
chose you.
Sam! Sam.
Sam. don't hang up.
I just hit someone.
Ah. honey. you hit me.
Shit. are you okay?
No. no. I'm not.
I haven't slept in days.
There's reporters camped
outside of our house.
I've lost all semblance of
privacy with my students.
I'm terrible.
Sam.
No. no. I need to say something.
I need to. I've loved every
version of you
and I will love every version
of you that you become.
I am madly in love with
you Em. and I'm in.
I swear to God with every
fiber of my being. I am in.
But I refuse to settle for part
of you.
I need you to be in too.
I'm in. I'm in.
I'm so sorry it took you so
long to understand that.
Jesse was right for me once.
but you are right for me now.
And I promise I will work
for the rest of my days
to be the right person to you.
You be whoever you want.
If you're in. I'm in. nothing
you do could ever change that.
I went to Maine with Jesse.
I already said that I was in. okay.
Just save the rest for couples therapy.
Okay.
Our life starts now. together.
You're a good man.
I'm all right.
Oh. oh. oh.
Oh my God. are you okay?
Sit down for a bit.
It's a little spinny.
Excuse me. can somebody
call an ambulance?
Yeah. thank you.
Hey. shut up. just go around.
We're fine. thank you.
I love you.
Oh. I love you too.
Ah. sorry.
No. no. no. it's fine.
I just wanna be close to you.
♪ See the clouds and let them be
♪ Keep every story of
your days a mystery ♪
♪ Hear the songs in the breeze ♪
♪ Sing out your wins and
trials like a melody ♪
Emma. I met
someone. her name's June.
Somehow she's convinced me
to get back in the water.
But it feels freeing now.
I'm out there swimming almost
every morning.
I can see now that the only way
to get my life back was to move forward.
I know that's what you had to do too.
I get it now.
♪ Crashing like thunder ♪
Loving you got me through my
darkest days
and now I have a future because
of it.
A future that I'm discovering
every day.
And for that. I owe you everything.
Love Jesse.
♪ Light a flame inside your
heart ♪
♪ See every finish line
before you reach the start ♪
You good?
Yeah.
♪ Raise your fist to the sky ♪
♪ Lightning and mountaintops
are made for you and I ♪
♪ Morning comes ♪
I'm good.
♪ When the nightfall goes ♪
♪ Don't turn back to the road
below ♪
♪ 20 Somethings in a crowded
room ♪
♪ Feels like everybody's in on
something ♪
♪ Some big secret they're
not telling you about ♪
♪ Looking round. everybody's
got it figured out ♪
♪ Perfect strangers with
their arms around somebody ♪
♪ Shouting lyrics to a
song that you don't know ♪
♪ I saw you there in the corner
♪ Your eyes fixed on the
floorboards ♪
♪ And I came this close to
walking over ♪
♪ Damn I wish I'd have told you
♪ Don't give up when you're
halfway down the road ♪
♪ There's so much more
inside you than you know ♪
♪ When everything is
telling you it's over ♪
♪ Baby don't. there'll be times
when it gets hard to stay ♪
♪ Feels easier to throw it all
away ♪
♪ Just give me one more day ♪
♪ When you think of letting go ♪
♪ Baby don't ♪
♪ Conversations with the mirror
now ♪
♪ Making faces just to try them
out ♪
♪ 'Cause maybe one of them
will feel like who you are ♪
♪ And it gets blurry under the
city lights ♪
♪ You're just one step in a
million miles ♪
♪ I came this close to walking
over ♪
♪ Damn I wish I'd have told you
♪ Don't give up when you're
halfway down the road ♪
♪ There's so much more
inside you than you know ♪
♪ When everything is telling
you it's over. baby don't ♪
♪ There'll be times when
it gets hard to stay ♪
♪ Feels easier to throw it all
away ♪
♪ Just give me one more day ♪
♪ When you think of letting go ♪
♪ You don't have to be a soldier
♪ If you look a little closer ♪
♪ There's somebody ♪
♪ There's somebody. there's
somebody rooting for you ♪
♪ So don't give up when you're
halfway down the road ♪
♪ There's so much more
inside you than you know ♪
♪ When everything is telling
you it's over. over. don't ♪
♪ There'll be times when
it gets hard to stay ♪
♪ Feels easier to throw it all
away ♪
♪ Just give me one more day ♪
♪ When you think of letting go ♪
♪ Baby don't ♪